1- Sentiment Analysis 

The flights were on time both in Sydney and the connecting flight in Singapore. Crew were pleasant and helpful.
The flights were delayed both in Sydney and the connecting flight in Singapore. Crew were unpleasant and unwilling to assist.


2- Question Answering

Singapore Airlines was founded in 1947 and was originally known as Malayan Airways. 
It is the national airline of Singapore and is based at Singapore Changi Airport. 
It is particularly strong in Southeast Asian and Australian destinations but also flies to 6 different continents, 
covering 35 countries.There are more than 100 planes in the Singapore Airlines fleet, most of which are Airbus aircraft plus 
a smaller amount of Boeings..'''

How many aircrafts does Singapore Airlines have?


3- NER (Named Entity Recognition)

Rome is an ancient city and the capital of Italy. It is also the capital of Lazio region 
Rome is home to FAO organization. The president of the Republic is Sergio Matarella and the prime minister is Mario Draghi.


4- Text Summarization 

Extremely unusual time to fly as we needed an exemption to fly out of Australia from the government. We obtained one as working in Tokyo for the
 year as teachers.
The check in procedure does take a lot longer as more paperwork and phone calls are needed to check if you are allowed to travel. The staff 
were excellent in explaining the procedure as they are working with very few numbers.
The flight had 40 people only, so lots of room and yes we had 3 seats each. The service of meals and beverages was done very quickly and 
efficiently.
Changi airport was like a ghost town with most shops closed and all passengers are walked/transported to a transit zone until your next flight 
is ready. You are then walked in single file or transported to your next flight, so very strange as at times their seemed be more workers in
 PPE gear than passengers.
The steps we went through at Narita were extensive, downloading apps, fill in paperwork and giving a saliva sample to test for covid 19. 
It took about 2 hours to get through the steps and we only sat down for maybe 10 minutes at the last stop to get back your covid results. 
The people involved were fantastic and we were lucky that we were numbers two and three in the initial first line up, but still over 2 hours
 it took so be aware. We knew we were quick as the people picking us up told us we were first out.
 
 
5- Text Transation English to German. 

Hello, my name is Tom.
